---
layout: post
title: ! 'Job.create(company: "BFG Communications")'
published: true
date: 2012-12-18
categories: []
---
Two years later, and it's on to the next one. I started a job with a new kind of company doing a new kind of job. BFG is a creative agency, dealing with a lot of really cool companies and products. They started in the traditional print and personal ad space and have, in the past 6 years or so, moved into the digital space via interactive design, primarily on the web. It's an odd position for me for a number of reasons, the primary one being that their main technology stack is all Microsoft based, in the form of .NET / PHP. ***Horrors***

But seriously… why those two!?!

But I kid. There are a lot of really smart people doing some amazing work in this space. What's even cooler is I've gotten to write my own job description for what I will be doing. My official title is "Software Engineer" which to most people means "developer". But in this case, I will end up wearing a wide variety of hats.

My primary roles will be to provide the following:

* Provide visibility into the company's process via tools to track work items and create data-driven stories about how the company's
  pipeline actually works. There is currently no process or tool for this, so I get to build awesome tools!
* Create developer happiness through teaching better development patterns and design and building reusable components while
  cutting out as much "reinventing the wheel" as possible.
* Setup infrastructure, including CI/CD tools and better build tools to integrate things like Less and Coffeescript into the general
  workflow.

There are many more things I get to do here, but what all those are remains to be seen. AS I said, it's a very different kind
of position that will give me a lot of flexibility and opportunity to grow as an engineer.
